Campus Management Software Quick-Start Guide
Vectorr Mapping uses proprietary software to load and manage maps 
and locations for the use of generating directions. 

Adding maps to the database and map program
	The first step in using the Campus Management tool is to 
	add a map to the database. The first map you add must be 
	the campus overview map, relative to which, additional 
	maps may be added.
	1) Open the Campus Management software.
	2) Select “Add Map From File.”
	3) Navigate to the image you’d like to add to the database,
	   ensuring that it is in the portable network graphic (.png) format.
	4) Type the common name of the building the map describes 
	   in the text box above the “Add Map” button.
	5) Click the “Add Map” button to make the “Map Inserter” 
	   appear.
		a) This program allows you to add maps relative 
		   to a full-campus map.
		b) Using the button panel on the right side of 
		   the screen, select the full-campus map in the 
		   top drop down and the map to add to it in the 
		   bottom drop down.
		c) In the main frame, the campus map should appear, 
		   while the secondary map should appear in the 
		   side button panel.
			i) The secondary map has two numbers 
			   superimposed on it to act as guides 
			   for inserting it into the campus map. 
		d) Using the mouse to select two points (matching 
		   the guide numbers) on the campus map, align the
		   secondary map with its approximate location on the campus map.
			i) To make corrections to the placement, 
			   simply click the placed numbers a second
			   time to remove them.
			ii) To start the placement entirely fresh,
			    click “Delete Points.”
		e) When the second map is properly placed, select 
		   “Save Map” to upload the changes to the database. 
	6) The map should now appear in the “Select Map” dropdown 
	   in the Campus Management program and the “Building” 
	   dropdowns in the Vectorr Mapping program. The Vectorr 
	   Campus Management software will also load in the point 
	   right away to add points to.

Adding points to an inserted map
	1) Select the desired map from the “Select Map” dropdown 
	   on the “Maps” tab of the program. 
	2) Choose the “Points” tab of the program.
	3) With the “Add Points” radio-button selected, click 
	   anywhere on a map to add a point. 
		a) An initial loading time may be required to 
		   insert the point into the database.
	4) Input as many points as desired to a map. 
		a) Zooming on the map is accomplished with the 
		   scroll wheel. 
	5) When finished adding points, select “Save Map” to load 
	   all of the points into the database. 


Editing existing points in the database
IMPORTANT: The routing tool in the main mapping program requires 
every point to be connected to at least one other point by an 
edge. The only way to connect points with edges is through the 
Edit Point interface.
	1) If there are already points in the database, you can 
	   edit them on the “Points” tab by selecting the “Edit 
	   Point” radio button.
	2) Select a point you wish to edit, by clicking it on the map. 
		a) An initial loading time may be required to 
		   draw information from the database.
		b) Zooming on the map is accomplished with the 
		   scroll wheel.
	3) Once selected, the designated point will be highlighted.
		a) Options such as the point’s name, and connected 
		   points can be changed from this state.
			i) To make an edge to another point, simply 
			   click the point to which you would like
			   to connect. 
				1) To make edges between multiple 
				   points, creating a path through
				   them, select the “Path Mode” 
				   check box to move the selected 
				   point with each selection.
			ii) To change the name of a point, type 
			    the desired name into the text box at 
			    the top of the Campus Management window.
			iii) To change points outside of “Path Mode” 
			     press “Unselect Current Point” to 
			     select another point.
	4) After editing the desired points, click “Save Map” to 
	   load the updated points to the database.


Removing existing points from the database
	1) If there are already points in the database, you can 
	   remove them on the “Points” tab by selecting the 
	   “Remove Point” radio button.
	2) Select the points you would like to remove from the 
	   database.
		a) The points and all edges connected to them 
		   will be removed from the database.
