Vectorr Mapping: Instructions for Use


Mapping Software Quick-Start Guide
	1) Launch the Vectorr Mapping program.
	2) Select the starting building and room from the dropdown menus.
		a) This represents the beginning location of all 
		   directions generated.
		b) If preferred, a search tool is also provided 
		   which will find points with names related to 
		   the one given.
		c) If the wrong building or point is selected, 
		   the red X related to the start set of dropdowns 
		   can be clicked to clear the dropdown field.
	3) Select the destination building and room from the 
	   dropdown menus.
		a) These destination attributes are the place to 
		   which you would like directions.
		b) The same search tool is provided for destinations.
		c) Similarly, the same red X is provided to clear 
		   the destination fields.
	4) Press the button labelled “Directions” to generate a 
	   route between the two locations.
		a) Text directions, along with a traced route on 
		   a map will appear if the program was able to 
		   find a route between the two points. 
			i) If Vectorr Mapping is unable to find a
			   route, it will print out: “No Valid 
			   Route.” 
		b) Vectorr Mapping will also provide a time 
		   estimate for the route.
		c) Stepping through the route is as easy as 
		   pressing the next button to advance to the 
		   next step in the route. 
		d) Remembering past directions is easy too, 
		   just hit the previous button.
		e) Pressing the “Full Text Directions” button 
		   will allow viewing of all the text directions 
		   in order.
	5) To generate directions along the reverse of the route, 
	   simply press the “Swap” button to return to the original
	   location.


Setting Preferences for Routing
Vectorr Mapping includes options for preferences to be set to 
change the route generated based on a user’s choices.

	1) Before generating any directions, select the “Options” 
	   button from the main page of the program.
	2) From the page that appears, a user can choose:
		The color scheme of the program (including a color-blind accessibility mode).
		The likelihood of the program generating a route that uses stairs. 
		The likelihood of the program generating a route that goes outside.
		How long it will take to travel the route.
	3) Simply press the button labelled “Back” to return to 
	   the main mapping page.
	4) To view information about Vectorr Solutions, simply 
	   click the about page.